### FileTypeEnumType
FileType is the type of file this represents.

This is updated each time we have a new type of file that can be downloaded
from RSC.

- UNKNOWN - UNKNOWN is the zero value for FileType and represents files that have no
known type to this service. These files may not be created, updated, or
downloaded and is meant to be a placeholder so all files have a type.
- REPORT - REPORT files are infrastructure reports generated by customers.
- SAAS_APPS - SAAS_APPS is used to denote reports generated by customers of SAAS apps.
- CDM_API_METRICS_CSV - CDM_API_METRICS_CSV is the filetype for CDM API metrics CSV file
generated by prechecks service.
- ANOMALY_DETAILS_CSV - ANOMALY_DETAILS_CSV is a filetype for ransomware investigation
anomaly details generated by lambda configuration-service.
- THREAT_HUNT_RESULT_CSV - THREAT_HUNT_RESULT_CSV is a filetype for threat hunt results.
- TABLE_EXPORT_CSV - TABLE_EXPORT_CSV is a filetype for tables that are exported to CSV.
- ENTRA_ID_DOWNLOAD_SNAPSHOT - ENTRA_ID_DOWNLOAD_SNAPSHOT is a filetype for Entra ID download objects job.
- SLA_WITH_REPLICATION - SLA_WITH_REPLICATION is a filetype for SLAs replicating to cluster report
generated by sla-service.
- SNAPSHOT_RESULTS_CSV - SNAPSHOT_RESULTS_CSV is a filetype for snapshot results CSV generated by
datagov crawl-service.
- ENTRA_ID_RESTORE_SUMMARY - ENTRA_ID_RESTORE_SUMMARY is a filetype for Entra ID restore summary.
- REMEDIATION_PERMISSIONS_CSV - REMEDIATION_PERMISSIONS_CSV is a filetype for Remediation permissions
export to CSV.
- REMEDIATION_ACTIONS_LOG_CSV - REMEDIATION_ACTIONS_LOG_CSV is a filetype for Remediation actions log
export to CSV.
